fixes to tracing k8s deployment page: Review with Arie & Yogev (#849)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/user-guide/distributed-tracing/k8s-deployment.md

1. Save the yaml below to a file and name it `config.yaml`.

> 2. Edit the 2-letter region code, if needed. The region appears in the `apiVersion: v1 > data: > config.yaml > exporters: ` specification in the yaml code below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the 2-letter region code, if needed. The region appears in the otel-collector-config ConfigMap under `config.yaml > exporters > logzio: ` specification in the yaml code below).
```

Author: Committed the suggestion to modify line 57

      - image: otel/opentelemetry-collector-contrib:0.17.0
        name: otel-collector-logzio
        ports:

>           # - "8889:8889"   # Prometheus exporter metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed in previous commit.

>           # - "8889:8889"   # Prometheus exporter metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed in previous commit

<div id="jaeger-collector">

1. Save the yaml below to a file and name it `config.yaml`.

> 2. Edit the 2-letter region code if needed. The region appears in the `apiVersion: apps/v1 spec: > template: > spec: > containers: > env: ` specification in the yaml code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the 2-letter region code if needed. The region appears in the  jaeger-collector-logzio deployment under `spec: > template: > spec: > containers: > env: ` specification in the yaml code below.
```
